I got five quick tips for you if you're
getting into the Just Cause 2
multiplayer mod if you're unfamiliar
with it the multiplayer mod is a free
mod for Just Cause 2 that will allows
thousands of players to play
simultaneously on one server and because
there's so many people playing the game
at the same time you get some insane
crazy things happening so it's worth
checking out if you haven't played it
yet the first tip is pressing T button
brings up the in-game chat the second
tip is that by pressing the B button you
bring up the bi menu and depending on
the server settings you can spawn any
weapon any vehicle at any time the third
tip is by holding the shift key you can
turbocharged cars and boats in doing
this you can get some insane results and
just go soaring through the air with
cars and boats and flying across the map
the fourth tip is the teleport locations
and the teleporting ability if you press
T to bring up the chat menu and then
type /tp and then the name of the
location you can instantly teleport all
across the map and meet up with lots and
lots of other people these teleport
locations are usually very crowded so if
you're looking to get in some absolute
madness teleport to the airport or
teleport to the racetrack or a teleport
to the mile-high club
you'll find lots of other people flying
around and just exploding everything in
sight and the final tip is to press f5
to bring up the help menu the help menu
shows you a lot of other options that
you can control with in the game like
turning off the in-game chat or turning
off turbo that's it thanks for checking
out this video and I hope you found it
helpful
if you did be sure to hit that like
button and if you're new to the channel
be sure to subscribe for more just cause
to mayhem videos and whatever else I can
come up with thanks for watching and be
sure to also check out my just cause to
funny moments montage I recorded my
first couple hours playing the game and
I have a laughs are in my life as at
least in recent memory playing a game
game on